today is the day with tomorrow I am 90 years old
and I want to give me a night of love
crazy with a virgin teen
do not tell your dad we were here
there were strips
you disappear 20 years and now you come back
to ask for impossible
I never fell in love that I have delivered
the girl
promise me that you marry young with a
White woman
I am no longer for these tricks
the old ones know how to love my delgadina better
because they have nothing else to do
Instead young people think about life
start at work
in success and money for the old
none of that matters since they usually carry
you are the love that can be
waiting for you around the corner
you went back
senile dementia
and more
Now I am an old man
I always believed that to die of love
but only a political distance does not
go to die without tasting the wonder
what is to throw